

 This file is taken from specific historical archives to indicate the contact with other beings, even in the 21st century.  Please read the following with caution, and do not draw an obvious conclusion, but one that you believe.

..BEGIN...

John Lear had originally requested that the following file be  published on ParaNet.  It is our philosophy to encourage debate on paranormal issues, no matter how controversial, and we welcome his input.+

The information contained in this file has not been verified by ParaNet, nor do the opinions expressed herein necessarily reflect those of the Administrator or other ParaNet staff members.

We can state, however, that John is who he says he is, and has numerous contacts in sensitive positions that could conceivably allow him access to information of this type.
-------------------------

Statement Released By:

John Lear

December 29, 1987

John Lear, a captain for a major US Airline has flown over 160 different types of aircraft in over 50 different countries.  He holds 17 world speed records in the Lear Jet and is the only pilot ever to hold every airline certificate issued by the Federal Aviation dministration.  Mr. Lear has flown missions worldwide for the CIA and other government agencies.  A former Nevada State
Senator candidate, he is the son of William P. Lear, designer of the Lear Jet executive airplane, the 8-track stereo, and founder of Lear Siegler Corporation.  Lear became interested in the subject of UFO's 13 months ago
after talking with United States Air Force Personnel who had witnessed a UFO landing at Bentwaters AFB, near London, England, and three small aliens walking up to the Wing Commander.


Note to the Press:

     The government of the United States continues to rely on your personal anprofessional gullibility to suppress the information contained herein.  Your
cooperation over the past 40 years has exceeded our wildest expectations and wsalute you.

"The sun does not revolve around the Earth"
"The United States Government has been in business with little gray extraterrestrials for about 20 years"

The first truth stated here got Giordano Bruno burned at the stake in AD 160for daring to propose that it was real.  The second truth has gotten far morpeople killed trying to state it publicly than will ever be known.

But the truth must be told.  The fact that the Earth revolves around the suwas successfully suppressed by the church for over 200 years.  It eventuallcaused a major upheaval in the church, government, and thought.  A realignmenof social and traditional values.  That was in the 1800's.

Now, about 400 years after the first truth was pronounced we must again facthe shocking facts.  The "horrible truth" the government has been hiding frous over 40 years.  Unfortunately, the "horrible truth" is far more horriblthan the government ever imagined.

In its effort to protect democracy, our government sold us to the aliens, and here is how it happened.  But before I begin, I'd like to offer a word in the
defense of those who bargained us away.  They had the best of intentions.

Germany may have recovered a flying saucer as early as 1939.  General James H. Doolittle went to Sweden in 1946 to inspect a flying saucer that had crashed there in Spitzbergen.

The "horrible truth" was known by only a very few persons: They were indeed ugly little creatures, shaped like praying mantises and who were more advanced
than us by perhaps a billion years.  Of the original group that were the first to learn the "horrible truth", several committed suicide, the most prominent of
which was General James V. Forrestal who jumped to his death from a 16th story hospital window.  General Forrestal's medical records are sealed to this day.

President Truman quickly put a lid on the secret and turned the screws so tight that the general public still thinks that flying saucers are a joke.  Have I ever got a surprise for them.

In 1947, President Truman established a group of 12 of the top military scientific personnel of their time.  They were known as MJ-12.  Although the group exists today, none of the original members are still alive.  The last one to die was Gordon Gray, former Secretary of the Army, in 1984.  As each member passed away, the group itself appointed a new member to fill the position.
There is some speculation that the group known as MJ-12 expanded to at least several more members.

There were several more saucer crashes in the late 1940's, one in Roswell, New Mexico, one in Aztec, New Mexico, and one near Laredo, Texas, about 30 miles
inside the Mexican border.

Consider, if you will, the position of the United States Government at that time.  They proudly thought of themselves as the most powerful nation on Earth,
having recently produced the atomic bomb, an achievement so stupendous, it would take Russia 4 years to catch up, and only with the help of traitors to Democracy.  They had built a jet aircraft that had exceeded the speed of sound in flight.  They had built jet bombers with intercontinental range that could carry weapons of enormous destruction.  The post war era, and the future seemed bright.  Now imagine what it was like for those same leaders, all of whom had witnessed the panic of Orson Wells' radio broadcast, "The War of the Worlds",
in 1938.  Thousands of Americans panicked at a  realistically presented invasion of Earth by beings from another planet.  Imagine their horror as they actually
viewed the dead bodies of these frightening looking little creatures with enormous eyes, reptilian skin and claw like fingers.  Imagine their shock as they attempted to determine how these strange "saucers" were powered and could discover no part even remotely similar to components they were familiar with: no cylinders or pistons, no vacuum tubes or turbines or hydraulic actuators. It is only when you fully understand the overwhelming helplessness the government was faced with in the late 40's that you can comprehend their
perceived need for a total, thorough, and sweeping cover up, to include the use of "deadly force".

The cover-up was so successful that as late as 1985 a senior scientist with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California, Dr. Al Hibbs, would look at
a video tape of an enormous flying saucer and state for the record, "I'm not going to assign anything to that (UFO) phenomena without a lot more data".  Dr.
Hibbs was looking at the naked emperor and saying, "He certainly looks naked, but that doesn't prove he's naked."

In July of 1952, a panicked government watched helplessly as squadron of "flying saucers" flew over Washington, D.C., and buzzed the White House, the Capitol Building, and the Pentagon.  It took all the imagination and
intimidation the government could muster to force that incident out of the memory of the public.

Thousands of sightings occurred during the Korean war and several more saucers were retrieved by the Air Force.  Some were stored at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base, some were stored at Air Force bases near the location of the crash sight.

One saucer was so enormous and the logistic problems in transportation so enormous that it was buried at the crash sight and remains there today.  The stories are legendary on transporting crashed saucers over long distances, moving only at night, purchasing complete farms, slashing through forests, blocking major highways, sometimes driving 2 and 3 lo-boys in tandem with an
extraterrestrial load a hundred feet in diameter.

On April 30, 1964, the first communication between these aliens and the U.S. Government took place at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico.  3 saucers landed at a prearranged area and a meeting was held between the aliens and intelligence officers of the U.S. Government.

During the period of 1969-1971, MJ-12 representing the U.S. Government made a deal with these creatures, called EBE's (Extraterrestrial Biological Entities, named by Detley Bronk, original MJ-12 member and 6th President of Johns Hopkins University).  The "deal" was that in exchange for "technology" that they would provide to us, we agreed to "ignore" the abductions that were going on and suppress information on the cattle mutilations.  The EBE's assured MJ-12 that the abductions (usually lasting about 2 hours) were merely the ongoing monitoring of developing civilizations.

In fact, the purposes for the abductions turned out to be:

(1)  The insertion of a 3mm spherical device through the nasal cavity of the abductee into the brain.  the device is used for the biological monitoring, tracking, and control of the abductee.

(2)  Implementation of Posthypnotic Suggestion to carry out a specific activity during a specific time period, the actuation of which will occur within the
next 2 to 5 years.

(3)  Termination of some people so that they could function as living sources for biological material and substances.

(4)  Termination of individuals who represent a threat to the continuation of their activity.

(5)  Effect genetic engineering experiments.

(6)  Impregnation of human females and early termination of pregnancies to secure the crossbreed infant.

The U.S. Government was not initially aware of the far reaching consequences of their "deal".  They were led to believe that the abductions were essentially benign and since they figured the abductions would probably go on anyway whether they agreed or not, they merely insisted that a current list of abductees be submitted, on a periodic basis, to MJ-12 and the National Security
Council.  Does this sound incredible?  An actual list of abductees sent to the National Security Council?  Read on, because I have news for you.

The EBE's have a genetic disorder in that their digestive system is atrophied and not functional.  Some speculate that they were involved in some type of accident or nuclear war, or possibly on the back side of an evolutionary genetic curve.  In order to sustain themselves they use an enzyme or hormonal secretion obtained from the tissue that they extract from humans and animals. (Note: Cows and Humans are genetically similar.  In the event of a national disaster, cow's blood can be used by humans.)

The secretions obtained are then mixed with hydrogen peroxide and applied on the skin by spreading or dipping parts of their bodies in the solution.  The body absorbs the solution, then excretes the waste back through the skin.  The cattle mutilations that were prevalent throughout the period from 1973 to 1983 and publicly noted through newspaper and magazine stories and included a documentary produced by Linda Howe for the Denver CBS affiliate KMGH-TV, were for the collection of these tissues by the aliens.  The mutilations included
genitals taken, rectums cored out to the colon, eyes, tongue, and throat all surgically removed with extreme precision.  In some cases the incisions were made by cutting between the cells, a process we are not yet capable of performing in the field.  In many of the mutilations there was no blood found at all in the carcass, yet there was no vascular collapse of the internal organs.  This has been also noted in the human mutilations, one of the first of which was Sgt.  Jonathan P. Louette at the White Sands Missile Test Range in
1956, who was found three days after an Air Force Major had witnessed his abduction by a "disk shaped" object at 0300 while on a search for missile debris downrange.  His genitals had been removed, rectum cored out in a surgically precise "plug" up to the colon, eyes removed and all blood removed with, again, no vascular collapse.  From some of the evidence it is apparent that this surgery is accomplished, in most cases, while the victim, animal or human, is still alive.

The various parts of the body are taken to various underground laboratories, one of which is known to be near the small New Mexico town of Dulce.  This jointly occupied (CIA-Alien) facility has been described as enormous, with huge tiled walls that "go on forever".  Witnesses have reported huge vats filled with amber liquid with parts of human bodies being stirred inside.

After the initial agreement, Groom Lake, one of this nations most secret test centers, was closed for a period of about a year, sometime between about 1972 and 1974, and a huge underground facility was constructed for and with the help of the EBE's.  The "bargained for" technology was set in place but could only be operated by the EBE's themselves.  Needless to say, the advanced technology could not be used against the EBE's themselves, even if needed.

During the period between 1979 and 1983 it became increasingly obvious to MJ-12 that things were not going as planned.  It became known that many more people
(in the thousands) were being abducted than were listed on the official abduction lists.  In addition it became obvious that some, not all, but some of the nation's missing children had been used for secretions and other parts required by the aliens.

In 1979 there was an altercation of sorts at the Dulce laboratory.  A special armed forces unit was called in to try and free a number of our people trapped in the facility, who had become aware of what was really going on.  According to one source, 66 of the soldiers were killed and our people were not freed.

By 1984, MJ-12 must have been in stark terror at the mistake they had made in dealing with the EBE's.  They had subtly promoted "Close Encounters of the Third Kind" and "E.T." to get the public used to "odd looking" aliens that were compassionate, benevolent and very much our "space brothers".  MJ-12 "sold" the EBE's to the public, and were now faced with the fact that quite the opposite
was true.  In addition, a plan was formulated in 1968 to make the public aware of the existence of aliens on earth over the next 20 years to be culminated with several documentaries to be released during 1985-1987 period of time. These documentaries would explain the history and intentions of the EBE's.  The discovery of the "Grand Deception" put the entire plans, hopes and dreams of
MJ-12 into utter confusion and panic.

Meeting at the "Country Club", a remote lodge with private golf course, comfortable sleeping and working quarters, and its own private airstrip built
by and exclusively for the members of MJ-12, it was a factional fight of what to do now.  Part of MJ-12 wanted to confess the whole scheme and shambles it had become to the public, beg their forgiveness and ask for their support.  The other part (and majority) of MJ-12 argued that there was no way they could do that, that the situation was untenable and there was no use in exciting the public with the "horrible truth" and that the best plan was to continue the development of a weapon that could be used against the EBE's under the guise of
"SDI", the Strategic Defense Initiative, which had nothing whatsoever to do with a defense for inbound Russian nuclear missiles.  As these words are being
written, Dr. Edward Teller, "father" of the H-Bomb is personally in the test tunnels of the Nevada Test Site, driving his workers and associates in the words of one, "like a man possessed".  And well he should, for Dr. Teller is a member of MJ-12 along with Dr. Kissenger, Admiral Bobby Inman, and possibly Admiral Poindexter, to name a few of the current members of MJ-12.

Before the "Grand Deception" was discovered and according to a meticulous plan of metered release of information to the public, several documentaries and video tapes were made.  William Moore, a Burbank, California, based UFO
researcher who wrote "The Roswell Incident", a book published in 1980 that detailed the crash, recovery and subsequent cover-up of a UFO with 4 alien bodies, has a video tape of 2 newsmen interviewing a military officer
associated with MJ-12.  This military officer answers questions relating to the history of MJ-12 and the cover-up, the recovery of a number of flying saucers and the existence of a live alien (one of 3 living aliens captured and designated, or named, EBE-1, EBE-2, and EBE-3, being held in a facility designated as YY-II at Los Alamos, New Mexico.  The only other facility of this
type, which is electromagnetically secure, is at Edwards Air Force Base in Mojave, California).  The officer names those previously mentioned plus a few others:  Harold Brown, Richard Helms, Gen. Vernon Walters, JPL's Dr. Lew Allen and Dr. Theodore von Karman, to name a few of the current and past members of MJ-12.

The officer also relates the fact that the EBE's claim to have created Christ. The EBE's have a type of recording device that has recorded all of Earth's history and can display it in the form of a hologram.  This hologram can be filmed but because of the way holograms work does not come out very clear on movie film or video tape.  The crucifixion of Christ on the Mount of Olives has allegedly been put on film to show the public.  The EBE's claim to have created Christ, which, in view of the "Grand Deception", could be an effort to disrupt
traditional values for undetermined reasons.

Another video tape allegedly in existence is an interview with an EBE.  Since EBE's communicate telepathically, an Air Force Colonel serves as an interpreter.  Just before the recent stock market correction in October of 1987, several newsmen, including Bill Moore, had been invited to Washington, D.C., to personally film the EBE in a similar type interview, and distribute the film to the public.  Apparently, because of the correction in the market, it was felt the timing was not propitious.  In any case, it certainly seems like an odd method to inform the public of extraterrestrials, but it would be
in keeping with the actions of a panicked organization who at this point in time doesn't know which way to turn.

Moore is also in possession of more Aquarius documents, a few pages of which leaked out several years ago and detailed the supersecret NSA project which had been denied by them until just recently.  In a letter to Senator John Glenn, NSA's Director of Policy, Julia B.  Wetzel, wrote, "Apparently there is or was an Air Force project with that name (Aquarius) which dealt with UFO's.
Coincidently, there is also an NSA project by that name." NSA's project Aquarius deals specifically with the "communications with the aliens" (the EBE's).  Within the Aquarius program was project "Snowbird", a project to test-fly a recovered alien aircraft at Groom Lake, Nevada.  This project continues today at that location.  In the words of an individual who works at Groom Lake,
"Our people are much better at taking things apart than they are at putting them back together."

Moore, who claims he has a contact with MJ-12, feels that they have been stringing him along, slipping him documents and providing him leads, promising to go public with some of the information on extraterrestrials by the end of 1987.

Certain of Moore's statements lead one to believe that Moore himself is a government agent working for MJ-12, not to be strung along, but string along ever hopeful UFO logists that the truth is just around the corner.  Consider:

1.   Moore states emphatically that he is not a  government agent, although when Lee Graham (a Southern California based UFOlogist) was investigated by DIS
(Defense Investigative Service) for possession of classified documents received from Moore, Moore himself was not.

2.   Moore states emphatically that the cattle mutilations of 1973-1983 were a hoax by Linda Howe (producer of "A Strange Harvest") to create publicity for
herself.  He cites the book "Mute Evidence" as the bottom line of the hoax. "Mute Evidence" was a government sponsored book to explain the mutilations in conventional terms.

3.   Moore states that the U.S.A.F. Academy physics book, "Introductory Space Science", vol. II chapter 13, entitled "Unidentified Flying Objects", which describes four of the most commonly seen aliens (one of which is the EBE) was written by Lt. Col.  Edward R. Therkelson and Major Donald B. Carpenter, Air Force personnel who did not know what they were talking about and were merely
siting "crackpot" references.  He, Moore, states that the book was withdrawn to excise the chapter.

If the government felt they were being forced to acknowledge the existence of aliens on Earth because of the overwhelming evidence such as the October and
November sightings in Wytheville, Va., and recently released books such as "Night Siege" (Hynek, J. Allen; Imbrogno, Phillip J.;Pratt, Bob:Night Siege, Ballantine Books, Random House, New York), and taking into consideration the "grand deception" and obviously hostile intentions of the EBE's, it might be expedient for MJ-12 to admit the EBE's but conceal the information on the
mutilations and abductions.  If MJ-12 and Moore were in some kind of agreement then it would be beneficial to Moore to toe the party line.  For example, MJ-12 would say... "here are some more genuine documents... but remember... no talking about the mutilations or abductions".  This would be beneficial to Moore as it would supply the evidence to support his theory that E.T.'s exist but deny the truths about the E.T.'s.  However, if Moore was indeed working for MJ-12, he would follow the party line anyway... admitting the E.T.'s but pooh poohing the mutilations and abductions.  If working alone, Moore might not even be aware of the "grand deception".

Time will tell.  It is possible that Moore will go ahead and release the video interview with the military officer around the first of the year, as he has promised.  From MJ-12's point of view, the public would be exposed to the
information without really having to believe it because Moore is essentially not as credible a source as, say, the President of the United States.  After a few months of digestion and discussion, a more credible source could emerge with a statement that, "yes, in fact the interview was essentially factual". This scenario would cushion somewhat the blow to the public.  If, however, Moore does not release the tape by, say, February 1 of 1988, but comes instead with a story similar to:  "MJ-12 has informed me that they are definitely planning a release of all information by October of 88.  I have seen the plan and have seen the guarantee that this will happen, so I have decided to withhold the release of my video tape at this time as it may cause some problems with MJ-12's plans." This would in effect buy more time for MJ-12 and time is what they desperately need.

Now you ask, "Why haven't I heard about any of this?" Who do you think you would hear it from?  Dan Rather?  Tom Brokaw?  Sam Donaldson?  Wrong.  These people just read the news, they don't find it.  They have ladies who call and interview witnesses and verify statements on stories coming over the wire (either AP or UPI).  It's not like Dan Rather would go down to Wytheville, Virginia, and dig into why there were 4 THOUSAND reported sightings in October and November of 1987.  Better that Tom Brokaw or someone else should risk their credibility on this type of story.  Tom Brokaw?  Tom wants Sam Donaldson to
risk his credibility.  No one, but no one, is going to risk their neck on such outlandish ideas, regardless of how many people report sightings of 900 foot objects running them off the road.  In the case of the Wytheville sightings, dozens of vans with NASA lettered on the side failed to interest newsmen.  And those that asked questions were informed that NASA was doing a weather survey.

Well then, you ask, what about our scientists?  What about Carl Sagan?  Isaac Asimov?  Arthur C. Clarke?  Wouldn't they have known?  If Carl Sagan knows then
he is committing a great fraud through the solicitation of memberships in the Planetary Society, "to search for extraterrestrial intelligence".  Another charade into which the U.S.  Government dumps million of dollar every year is the radio telescope in Arecibo, Puerto Rico, operated by Cornell University with - guess who? - Carl Sagan.  Cornell is ostensibly searching for signals
from Outer Space, a sign maybe, that somebody is out there.  It is hard to believe that relatively intelligent astronomers like Sagan could be so ignorant.

What about Isaac Asimov?  Surely the most prolific science fiction writer of all time would have guessed by now that there must be an enormous cover-up? Maybe, but if he knows he's not saying.  Perhaps he's afraid that "Foundation" and "Empire" will turn out to be inaccurate.

What about Arthur C. Clarke?  Surely the most technically accurate of Science Fiction writers with very close ties to NASA would have at least a hint of what's really going on.  Again, if so he isn't talking.  In a recent Science
Fiction survey, Clarke estimates that contact with extraterrestrial intelligent life would not occur before the 21st Century.

If the government won't tell us the truth and the major networks won't even give it serious consideration, then what is the big picture, anyway?  Are the EBE's, having done a hundred thousand or more abductions (possibly millions worldwide), built an untold number of secret underground bases (Groom Lake, Nevada; Sunspot, Datil, Roswell, and Pine Town, New Mexico, just to name a few)
getting ready to return to wherever they came from?  Or, from the obvious preparations are we to assume that they are getting ready for a big move?  Or is the more sinister and most probable situation that the invasion is
essentially complete and it is all over but the screaming?

A well planned invasion of Earth for it's resources and benefits would not begin with mass landings of ray-gun equipped aliens.  A properly planned and executed invasion by a civilization thousands and probably hundreds of thousands of years in advance of us would most likely be complete before even a handful of people (say 12?) realized what was happening.  No fuss, no muss.
The best advice I can give you is this: Next time you see a flying saucer and are awed by its obvious display of technology and gorgeous lights of pure color - RUN LIKE HELL!
 
What follows is a direct transcript used with permission, of an interview I conducted with John Lear, author of Lear.txt in the files section.  Hopefully, this interview will answer some of your questions as well as some of mine.


Brad Langton 02-Feb-88 approx. 1:30AM to 3:30AM

<LANGTON> Ok, we're "live" so to speak... you just mentioned that there were 70 other species in contact with this world... of which 4 others were overt...are
they aware of the EBE's?

<LEAR> Yes they are.  The types I will mention are listed in a USAF Academy Physics book called Introductory Space Science Volume 2.  I refer to Chapter 13 about page 8 which lists the ones that are most seen.  They are the EBE's the "blondes". (also called the Nordics).  They look just like us but are invariably blonde haired and blue eyed.  Don't know where they come from but
they do not interact with us except for a few abductions now and then.

<LEAR> We also have a species that is similar to us in appearance but they are about 7 ft tall and the main difference is that their eyes wrap around the head
a little more than ours.  Another type listed is a small species about 4 ft. tall, very hairy and extremely strong for their size.  We don't know where these guys come from either.  All this was in the aforementioned text which was withdrawn by the Air Force in the early 70's from the book.  But there are several people that have the original book.  The EBE's are about the only ones where we are pretty sure where they come from and that is Zeta Reticuli 1 & 2, a binary star system visible only from the southern hemisphere, spectral class of G 2 and 38 light years from here.  It is possible that they use some form of the Einstein Rosen Bridge theory (wormholes in space) to get here.  We know all this from the work that Marjorie Fish did in the in the early 70's.  There is a
good article about it in Astronomy Magazine Dec 1974.  There was also a reprint of this article in 1976 which had all the comments and rebuttals and rebuttals
to rebuttals by Carl Sagan, Bob Schaefer etc etc.

<LANGTON> I remember reading about the characterizations of ET's that you have described about 25 years ago.  I also recall a book by a George Adamski or Adamson... not sure which, regarding these golden haired aliens.  In the
Interrupted Journey, I believe it was Betty Hill that under hypnosis revealed many of the invasive techniques used on abductees.  Also, Perhaps it was in the article on the Zeti Reticuli Incident that a woman under hypnosis reconstructed a 3D model of the Zeta Star system with the relative positions of the other stars as they would have appeared as established by computer modeling.  I guess
one of the primary questions is, if there are other forms visiting and/or interacting with humans, are they completely insensitive to these "arrangements" put out by the EBE's with the government?

<LEAR> This may be hard to swallow but its my information from government sources that the blondes adhere to a universal law of non-interference and even though the EBE's are not doing us any favors that they, the Blondes will not do anything about it unless the EBE's do something that will affect another part of the universe.  Back to Adamski.  He has been labeled as a fraud however like all things nothing is all black or all white.  Some of his stuff was true.  But its hard to separate which stuff.  He claimed that the Blondes came from Venus
or Mars which is highly, highly unlikely.  As far as the map it was drawn by Betty Hill under hypnosis in 2 D.  It was Majorie Fish that did the interpretation to bring it into 3 D.

<LANGTON> I was uncertain about who exactly was the originator of the map, so I gather that the map must necessarily be a matter of speculation regarding its
veracity as well.  I'm curious also as to the government's plans, if any, to deal with an uprising of EBEs should that eventuality occur... or would the
technological gap make such an attempt untenable.

<LEAR> It's my understanding that we have already lost the battle.  This is the reason why MJ-12 is in such a panic.  They had a lot of well laid plans to inform us etc. etc. and when the deception was confirmed about 1984 it was all out the window.  Back to Betty Hill for a minute...under hypnosis she recalled being given a pregnancy test...a needle was inserted in her stomach.  She recalls saying that this was no pregnancy test here on earth (1962)

<LEAR> Amniocentesis was developed around 1972-1973 and uses the exact same procedures.  In 1986 a British doctor had given an amniocentesis to a woman and was looking at the fluid under a microscope.  He saw a tiny speck and started enlarging it.  When he got it big enough to see what he found was what looked like a computer chip attached to one of the chromosomes.  This doctor and 6
others wrote an open letter in Nature Magazine, one of Britains' most respected scientific journals, along with a picture of the chip, and asked any doctor or
scientist anywhere that could held explain what they were seeing.  If you do not have a copy of this page, I can send it to you.

<LANGTON> That would be helpful.  Also the Vol, issue, date etc.  Recently in the INF treaty negotiations, Gorbachev indicated that despite prior claims, they too were working on an SDI program...  Is there any connection between our program and theirs and if the battle is lost, why are these attempts being made?

<LEAR> I wish I knew the answer to that.  Several rumors have come out of the test site recently and one of them was that every test shot this year has been to make a giant room.  The shots are very clean and as soon as everything subsides they move in equipment to make walls, ceiling, floors and various levels.

<LANGTON> Several critics have highlighted the apparent discrepancies between our medical technology and that of the EBEs as to synthesizing plasma material. Also, technological gaps between our cultures suggest that solicitation of indigenous humans for their undertakings seems akin to asking help from chimpanzees... My  analogy... what about these concerns?

<LEAR> All of these questions are valid and show a lot of thought.  All I know is what I wrote.  Its very hard to speculate the reasons why or why not a species almost a billion years older than us would do anything.  This is not a cop-out...I just don't know and don't want to guess.

<LANGTON> Given that material that you have access to is ambiguous on some of these issue and that there may be a hidden agenda on the part of the EBEs regarding the purposes for their being here, is it not also possible that, assuming there is a "truth" here, which I'm sure you understand, must remain unsubstantiated in the absence of hard data, that the government may also,
unknown to you or perhaps others "in the know," a failsafe mechanism to undermine this whole EBE project if the need should arise?

<LEAR> Its my understanding from those 'in the know;' (and as late as one week ago) that the situation is 'ominous'.


<<< LONG PAUSE >>>


<LANGTON> Please understand my pauses... have to consider the next question...

<LEAR> Ok, meantime looking for the date and issue of Nature.

<LANGTON> I recall now, one of my users requested information on the "Roswell Incident" and if it were in any way tied to any of this?

<LEAR> Yes, the Roswell crash was the first recovered flying saucer crash in the U.S.  Bill Moore located 90 material witnesses to the crash.  It was near Corona, N.M. and a few months ago I interviewed Mrs. Procter near whose ranch this thing crashed.  4 bodies were recovered.  There is one person still alive at this moment who helped Mac Brazel drag some of the wreckage to the shed.  He
and Brazel were approached at that time by (I know its hard to believe but the guy is going to come forward soon) an alien who told them both to keep their mouths shut.  He is the last guy alive that was directly connected with that retrieval.

<LANGTON> Are you saying that the others involved were murdered?

<LEAR> No.  No.  They have just passed away.  That was a long time ago.  The last guy to die was Maj. Jesse arcel, The intelligence officer at Roswell who went out and helped pick up the wreckage.  Before he died a few years ago he went public with his account which was that the crash was not a balloon or a radar reflector or an airplane.  He didn't state what it was, but said it was
not of this earth.  I have a transcript of the cassette tape of his memories of picking up the wreckage, its only a page long if you would like me to send that.

<LANGTON> Of course, any information you have will be helpful...  What of yourself, why are you coming forward now, particularly placing the spotlight on yourself... aren't you concerned that there may be some sort of repercussions from the government regarding the stir this is and will continue to cause?

<LEAR> Hopefully the spotlight will be on the information and not on myself. No there is not too much worry because, well let me say that 5 years ago I
wouldn't have gotten away with this but things are so screwed up now that one voice talking to...what 50?  100?  people can't make any possible difference. Also if something was going to happen it would have happened a few weeks ago. I wrote Dr. Lew Allen, Director of JPL and MJ-12 member that I was going to do a story on his participation in MJ-12 particularly because JPL employed 8000 people in the Southern California area.  I also enclosed a copy of my hypothesis and told him it was on ParaNet and CompuServe.  Dr. Allen has a reputation of responding to all mail in a very prompt manner.  But me?  I didn't hear anything.  Not even a "John Lear you must be crazy." He wrote a letter to Max Fiebleman of Los Angeles on the 18th of December.  Max had sent him a copy of the Hudson Valley video and asked Dr. Allen to look at it.  Dr. Allen responded that he had taken a quick glance but did not have the time for anything more and on the basis of what he saw determined that it was a blimp.
He also wished Max a Merry Christmas.  Now......this is one of the worlds greatest scientists?  Not interested in that Hudson Valley video tape? Gimme a break.

<LANGTON> There are certainly a lot of inconsistencies seemingly from everywhere on this issue.  As you know, Jim Speiser and ParaNet are often published in some form, usually a quote from Jim, in the major UFOlogy magazines... I would suspect that this matter will be reaching a lot more people than just those of us here in the BBS community.  What of the future...can we expect more information, hard or soft evidence that will help
align the apparent inconsistencies or at best, give a more cohesive picture of some of the answers to questions that your original release has raised? 

<LEAR> I would be very surprised if some kind of statement from the government is not forthcoming within the year, more probably within 6 months possibly much
sooner... That's about all I can speculate from the information I am getting.

<LANGTON> Well, you can be assured that we will be continuing to watch these developments should they occur.  Last year there was a similar promise of major information by year's end... you got in just under the wire but the other information was not this information, at least not necessarily as coming from you.  Time is running short for me here and I want to thank you for incurring the phone bill for this interview but I think it is important that we try to get as many answers on this as possible.  Do you have any closing statements
that you would like to make at this time?

<LEAR> Just to thank you for your time and I will be sending you the aforementioned documents etc.

<LANGTON> Thank you very much John, your participation will no doubt add a level of credibility to your desire to spare little expense in helping us find
the truth about all this.

<LEAR> Thanks again, and talk to you later.


<<>>
Copyright @1988 National Fringe Sciences Information Service.  All Rights
Reserved.

...END...

